!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
Department	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^public class Department {$/;"	c	language:Java
department	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private Department department;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
Employee	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^public class Employee {$/;"	c	language:Java
employee	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    private Employee employee;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace	file:
employeeType	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private EmployeeType employeeType;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
example	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^package example;$/;"	p	language:Java
example	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^package example;$/;"	p	language:Java
example	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/MySerializable.java	/^package example;$/;"	p	language:Java
example	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^package example;$/;"	p	language:Java
example	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Test.java	/^package example;$/;"	p	language:Java
getDepartment	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public Department getDepartment() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getEmployee	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public Employee getEmployee() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
getEmployeeType	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public EmployeeType getEmployeeType() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    public long getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Department
getId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public long getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public long getId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
getJoinTime	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public Calendar getJoinTime() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getMySerializable	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public MySerializable getMySerializable() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Department
getName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public String getName() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
getparkingSpace	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public ParkingSpace getparkingSpace() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
getText	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/MySerializable.java	/^    public String getText() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MySerializable
id	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    private long id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Department	file:
id	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private long id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
id	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    private long id;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace	file:
joinTime	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private Calendar joinTime;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
main	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Test.java	/^    public static void main(String[] args) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Test
mySerializable	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private MySerializable mySerializable;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
MySerializable	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/MySerializable.java	/^public class MySerializable implements Serializable {$/;"	c	language:Java
name	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    private String name;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Department	file:
name	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public String name;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee
name	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    private String name;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace	file:
parkingSpace	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private ParkingSpace parkingSpace;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
ParkingSpace	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^public class ParkingSpace {$/;"	c	language:Java
salary	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    private long salary;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:Employee	file:
setDepartment	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setDepartment(Department department) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setEmployee	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public void setEmployee(Employee employee) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
setEmployeeType	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setEmployeeType(EmployeeType type) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    public void setId(long id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Department
setId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setId(int id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setId	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public void setId(long id) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
setJoinTime	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setJoinTime(Calendar joinTime) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setMySerializable	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setMySerializable(MySerializable mySerializable) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Department.java	/^    public void setName(String name) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Department
setName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setName(String name) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setName	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/ParkingSpace.java	/^    public void setName(String name) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ParkingSpace
setParkingSpace	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setParkingSpace(ParkingSpace parkingSpace) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setSalary	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Employee.java	/^    public void setSalary(long salary) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:Employee
setText	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/MySerializable.java	/^    public void setText(String text) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:MySerializable
Test	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/Test.java	/^public class Test {$/;"	c	language:Java
text	/home/german/Projects/ocejpa/src/chapter4/example/MySerializable.java	/^    private String text;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:MySerializable	file:
